### Universities should accept equal numbers of male and female students in every subject. To what extent do you agree or disagree?


In my opinion, men and women should have the same educational opportunities. However, I do not agree with the idea of accepting equal proportions of each gender in every university subject.

Having the same number of men and women on all defee courses is simply unrealistic. Student numbers on any course depend on the applications thaht the insitution receives. If a university decided to fill courses with qeual numbers of males and females, it would need enough applications of each gender. In reality, many coursses are more popular with in gender than other, and it would not be pracitical to aim for equal proportions. For example, nursing courses tend to attract more female applicants, and it would be difficult to fill these courses if fifty per cent of the places needed to go to males.

Apart from the parctical concerns expressed above, I also believe that it would be unfair to base admission to university courses on gender. Universities should continue to select the best candidates for each course addording to their qualifications, and applicants know that they will be successful if they work hard to achieve good grades at school. If a female student is the best candidate for a place in a course, it is surely wrong to reject her in favour of a male student with lower grades or fewer qualifications.

In conclusion, the selection of university students should be based on merit, and it would be both impractical and unfair to change to a selection procedure based on gender.