### Explain some of the ways in which humans are damaging the environment. What can governments do to address these problems? What can individual people do?



Humans are responsible for a variety of environmental problems, but we can also take steps to reduce the damage that we are causing to the planet. This essay will discuss environmental problems and the measures that governments and individuals can take to add ress these problems.

Two of the biggest threats to the environment are air pollution and waste. Gas emissions from factories and exhaust fumes from vehicles lead to global warming, which may have a devastaing effect on t he planet in the futrue. As the human population increases, we are also producing ever greater quantities of waste, which contaminates the earth and pollutes rivers and oceans.

Governments could certainly make more effort to reduce air pollution. They could introduce laws to limit emissions from factorise or to force companiese to use renewable energy from solar, wind or water power. They could also impose green taxes on drivers and airline companies. In this way, people would be encouraged to use public transport and to take fewer flights abroad, therefore reducing emissions.

Individuals should also take responsibility for the impact they have on the environment. They can take public transport rather that driving, choose products with less packing, and recycle as much as possible. Most supermarkers now provide reusable bags for shoppers as well as banks for recycling glass, plastic and paper in their car parks. By reusing and recycing, we can help to reduce waste.

In conclusion, both national governments and individuals must play their part in looking after the environment.





