### Some people think that museums should be enjoyable places to entertain people, while others believe that the purpose of museums is to educate.
### Discuss both views and give you own opinion.

People have different views about the role and function of museums. In my opinion, museums can and should be both entertaining and educational.

On the one hand, it can be argued that the main role of a museum is to entertain. Museums are tourist attractions, and their aim is to exhibit a collection of interesting objects that many people will want to see. The average visitor may become bored if he or she has to read or listen to too much educational content, so museums often put more of an emphasis on enjoyment rather that learning. This type of museum is designed to be visually spectacular, and may have interactive activities or even games as part of its exhibitions. 

On the other hand, some people argue that museums should focus on education. The aim of any exhibition should be to teach visitors somethings that they did not previously know. Usually this means that the history behind the museum's exhibits needs to be explained, and this can be done in various ways. Some museums employ professional guides to talk to theri visitors, while other museums offer headsets so that visitors can listen to detailed commentray about the exhibition. In this way, museums can play an important role in teaching people about history, culture, science and many other aspects of life.

In conclusion, it seems to me that a good museum should be able to offer an interesting, enjoyable and educational experiences so that people can have fun and learn someting at the same time.



### Some people believe that studying at university or college is the best route to a successful career, while others believe that it is better to get a job straight after school. 
### Discuss both views and give your opinion.

When they finish school, teenagers face the dilemma of whether to get a job or ccontinue their education. While there are some benefits to getting a job straight after school, I would argue that it is better to go to college or university.

The option to start work straight after school is attractive for serveral reasons. Many young people want to  start earning money as soon as possible. In this way, they can become independent, and they will be able to afford their own house or start a family. In terms of their career, young people who devide to find work, rather that continue their studies, may progrss more quickly. They woull have the chance to gain real experience and learn practical skills related to their chosen profession. This may lead to promotions and a successful career.

On the other hand, I believe that it is benefical for students to continue their studies. Firstly, academic qualifications are required in many professions. For example, it is impossible to become a doctor, teacher or lawyer without having the relevant degree. As a result, university graduates have access to more and better job oppportunities, and they tned to earn higher salaries than those with fewer qualifications. Secondly, the job market is becoming increasingly competitive, and sometimes there are hundreds of applicants for one position in a company. Young people who do not have qualifications from university or college will not be able to compete.

For the reasons mentioned above, it seems to me that students are more likely to be successful in their careers if they continue their studies beyond school level.

